Data Description

The data contains the different data related to a food order. The detailed data dictionary is given below.

Data Dictionary

•	order_id: Unique ID of the order

•	customer_id: ID of the customer who ordered the food

•	restaurant_name: Name of the restaurant

•	cuisine_type: Cuisine ordered by the customer

•	cost: Cost of the order

•	day_of_the_week: Indicates whether the order is placed on a weekday or weekend (The weekday is from Monday to Friday and the weekend is Saturday and Sunday)

•	rating: Rating given by the customer out of 5

•	food_preparation_time: Time (in minutes) taken by the restaurant to prepare the food. This is calculated by taking the difference between the timestamps of the restaurant's order confirmation and the delivery person's pick-up confirmation.

•	delivery_time: Time (in minutes) taken by the delivery person to deliver the food package. This is calculated by taking the difference between the timestamps of the delivery person's pick-up confirmation and drop-off information

Questions for this analysis

Question 1: How many rows and columns are present in the data?

Question 2: What are the datatypes of the different columns in the dataset? (The info() function can be used) 

Question 3: Are there any missing values in the data? If yes, treat them using an appropriate method.

Question 4: Check the statistical summary of the data. What is the minimum, average, and maximum time it takes for food to be prepared once an order is placed?

Question 5: How many orders are not rated?

Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)
Univariate Analysis

Question 6: Explore all the variables and provide observations on their distributions. (Generally, histograms, boxplots, countplots, etc. are used for univariate exploration.)

Question 7: Which are the top 5 restaurants in terms of the number of orders received?

Question 8: Which is the most popular cuisine on weekends?

Question 9: What percentage of the orders cost more than 20 dollars?

Question 10: What is the mean order delivery time?

Question 11: The company has decided to give 20% discount vouchers to the top 3 most frequent customers. Find the IDs of these customers and the number of orders they placed.

Multivariate Analysis

Question 12: Perform a multivariate analysis to explore relationships between the important variables in the dataset. (It is a good idea to explore relations between numerical variables as well as relations between numerical and categorical variables)

Question 13: The company wants to provide a promotional offer in the advertisement of the restaurants. The condition to get the offer is that the restaurants must have a rating count of more than 50 and the average rating should be greater than 4. Fin
d the restaurants fulfilling the criteria to get the promotional offer.

Question 14: The company charges the restaurant 25% on the orders having cost greater than 20 dollars and 15% on the orders having cost greater than 5 dollars. Find the net revenue generated by the company across all orders. 

Question 15: The company wants to analyze the total time required to deliver the food. What percentage of orders take more than 60 minutes to get delivered from the time the order is placed? (The food has to be prepared and then delivered.)

Question 16: The company wants to analyze the delivery time of the orders on weekdays and weekends. How does the mean delivery time vary during weekdays and weekends?

Conclusion and Recommendations

Question 17: What are your conclusions from the analysis? 
What recommendations would you like to share to help improve the business? 
